# Twitter-Sentiment-Analysis
## *Beginner Project to enter into the world of Natural Language Processing*
Natural language processing (NLP) is a subfield of linguistics, computer science, and artificial intelligence concerned with the interactions between computers and human language, in particular how to program computers to process and analyze large amounts of natural language data. The goal is a computer capable of "understanding" the contents of documents, including the contextual nuances of the language within them. The technology can then accurately extract information and insights contained in the documents as well as categorize and organize the documents themselves. 
Hate  speech  is  an  unfortunately  common  occurrence  on  the  Internet.  Often social media sites like Facebook and Twitter face the problem of identifying and censoring  problematic  posts  while weighing the right to freedom of speech. The  importance  of  detecting  and  moderating hate  speech  is  evident  from  the  strong  connection between hate speech and actual hate crimes. Early identification of users promoting  hate  speech  could  enable  outreach  programs that attempt to prevent an escalation from speech to action. Sites such as Twitter and Facebook have been seeking  to  actively  combat  hate  speech. In spite of these reasons, NLP research on hate speech has been very limited, primarily due to the lack of a general definition of hate speech, an analysis of its demographic influences, and an investigation of the most effective features.
